And it's your girl Nunu Perez, and welcome to Wait, Don't Let DC Play In Your Face. This latest episode by Wait Don't Do It podcast y'all. Let me tell you something, DC will hype you up, it will book you, repost you, smile on your face, and still will have you questioning your sanity by Monday morning. As Raffy will soon prove. This week we will unpack the after- She's playing already, she's playing, y'all, clearly Nunu Perez has forgotten how to do this podcast. But yes, we have a lot to talk about. I definitely think, as everyone knows, in the Wait Don't Do It family, summer is our busy time, so this is not usually podcast time for us. You're definitely a fall, early spring kind of show, and it's because we're so booked, so busy, so blessed in our nation's capital. I mean, we just celebrated three years of Reggaeton brunch. Everyone clap for Raffy, yes! Yes, booked, busy, yes. Even though there's a lot of people that would like to see the opposite for us. But I definitely am excited for Pride, it's been a very busy time. I started a new job at a university, so I'm working as an event coordinator and venue manager for them. So I've been also working on some new stuff, gearing in some new work paths. Dating, I took this time to date this time around, and I'm just having fun with it. Yeah, I've also been doing things. I also have a life, but I also have things and projects going on. But you know, honestly, I'm so busy, it doesn't give that genuinely, it just feels like this time of year is always crazy for me. Obviously I'm in education, graduation, end of the year, but not only that, obviously I'm in leadership roles, I am on advisory boards, councils, very adulthood type shit. I feel like we're definitely leveling up our brand, and I think that this plays into this overall narrative. But I will feel really weird that I feel like adulthood includes, I don't know, you have to be very mindful, especially because things can be used, and in the court of law, you have to very per my last email everything, and have contracts, everything has to be so serious in adulthood, and that's my biggest ick for this last month. Being an adult when you don't want to is definitely hard, especially when you're seeing kids just living their kids' lives. As a teacher, I'm sure it's very heavy. It's so heavy, but we are at the midway point, and you're surviving 2026. Surviving is a little scarcity-mindsetted. I wouldn't say I'm surviving 2026. I would say I'm navigating 2026 because it's been a doozy, but I will say this has been the year that's kind of forced me out of some habits that, not habits, just things that I steadily was not feeling cool about or good about, and then just forcing the change. Again, I'm still navigating this job market while I'm still booked and my freelance stuff. I just had an interview today. Not sure how I feel about it, but we'll see how things go. But just navigating everything, it's been that. You're six months in. What's the lesson Raffy has learned this year so far? The biggest lesson? Don't rush the process. Don't rush the process. There's always going to be a job that's going to pop up that looks like a good match. Don't force yourself into a position that you don't know. Like I said, if I get any job in the near future that requires me full time, I am going to vet these questions. I'm going to demand what I demand. For every position that I've applied for, I've asked for the tip top of the money because of my experience. So I definitely have just been not scared to ask so I can receive and put everything on the table. Not shrinking myself to get the yes at the job, which is I feel like a lot of how you not have to navigate sometimes. More so I feel like in the nightlife space, you got to like play dumb or dumb yourself down. Well, yeah, that's one of the points I see here that, you know, what question for moi says what part of nightlife feels most different now after all this year? And you know, I've talked about this a little bit to Raffy on our very personal rides. I feel like nightlife has changed in DC recently in the way that people are linking up. People are clicking up. People feel like they need, I don't know, numbers, allies, and I'm not sure what's happening. If some reckoning is appearing, but I'm just noticing a lot more alliances and cornering of markets in DC nightlife. And I am so excited to get back to this idea of community. I mean, click is community. I think that's how people are navigating, not being very like clicky in like their community. And I think at this point, it's safe to say that I've navigated, we've navigated these nightlife spaces together, separately, and it's still such a weird economy. There's still so many politics to it, but something that I would say that that's why I will always have my own stuff, and that's why I never bet money on the gay bars, never in my life, is because... Not homophobia. No, because, first of all, it's internalized homophobia. I just, let's be clear, I mean, I appreciate the queer bars that have booked me and that have opened their doors to me, but when it comes to most of the gay bars in DC, I've had a negative experience with the management or ownership of multiple spaces. And before they're like, oh, before y'all go, oh, what's the common denominator here? I would say these things started because people watched the platform that we were on originally when I would talk about these gay bars and took my opinions to heart and started attacking me personally. We've had memes made about the podcast. We've had Mean Girls group chats. I've seen the group chats. I've seen how people talk. I feel like if we're going to be talking about the economy and how people are clicked up, I feel like it's really like fake. I think there's a lot of phoniness and I think what I've always been proud of is that you know what you're going to get with me. You do think that DC has become more transactional socially? I think DC is a very, I mean, it's always been a transactional, you scratch my back, I scratch your back. That's how the world works. That's what spins the world around. I think it's about also making sure that people stay in their place who you see as maybe threats or people that don't, people that don't ask questions. People that are, because what I've seen besides the one or two people that I respect in the nightlife scene amongst Latino performers is if you want to make it in this industry, if you want to make it on Drag Race or any queer positioned queer organization, if you want to make it on The Blade, if you want to make it at Capital Pride, if you want to make it in any gay bar here in DC, you got to kiss the ring. And I'm not talking about kiss any ring, kiss the white man's ring. You got to kiss the white man's ring, period. That's the nightlife scene and it's been that, it's fully always been that, but now with all this fake advocacy, fake, oh, this is for ice, fake this, fake that, you know, putting ice, putting things about ice on your flyers and events, but without actually donating shit to the ice organizations, like it's just very performative at this point in the nightlife scene. I definitely think there's a parallel between, obviously the in root is capitalism. I think there's a very interesting correlation between like how corporations work, like how what you would do in corporate life still translates to nightlife. And I don't think people realize that, that even as queer people or as people in nightlife, like you just kind of still engage in these kinds of things. would see in office setting or corporate, which is not about being the best, right? That's not how you get promoted. It's about being likable and knowing people and not being seen as a threat and you know, doing all the right schmoozing to get where you want. And you would think it'd be a little different with queer folk and people of color think we would have some kind of community approach, but I'm interested to see how we're going to center art moving forward. I mean, people center their art all the time. I see people centering their queer art all the time for the cheapest dollar that you can imagine. Let's also talk about it. I feel like I'm over here competing with gay bars that make upwards $25,000 to $40,000 a night to a weekend, $100,000 probably on a weekend. But these places make all that money and somehow pretend like they don't have enough money to pay their performers or help full-time their performer. Even when it came down to the bar tax, you saw a lot of bar owners that come across as liberal and all these kinds of things. When it was coming down to full-time pay for hospitality staff, there was a lot of people that were like, oh, this is never going to work. And internally, I saw the numbers and I saw how it could work in a lot of places that I was working at. But people still said, no, no, no, no, no. This is bad. This is bad. You want everyone to be Mamdani. You want everywhere to be New York. You want everything to be... You see places like the Washington Blade going full out against Janice Vermeer, writing whole things to say why you shouldn't vote for her. Those kinds of behaviors, that is so centered in the gay communities. There's so many of that behaviors going around in our culture here. But when you call it out like I have, you're seeing another problem. Because at the end of the day, you can revolt, but if you're still going to suck the white man's dick, then they're okay with you. And what if I said I have a picture of you sucking a white man's dick right now? I'm sure. I'm sure. But if he... But trust me, something I haven't done, my dick sucking of a white man, hey, first of all, it hasn't happened in the past 12 years. Let's be clear. Let's be fucking clear. She retired a little bit ago. 12 years is crazy. 12 years is absolutely crazy. Maybe 12 days. 12 months. To be clear, like I said, I've had the opportunity to really finagle these white men for gigs. I really do believe some of these boys are sucking dick for gigs. Judging from the talent that I'm seeing, that is the only explainable reason. You must be sucking some man's dick to get to where you are. Speaking of sucking dick, I want to just give a quick shout out to the kickoff of D.C. Pride, D.C. Black Pride this past Memorial Day weekend. Despite the horrible weather, the cold and the rain and all the terrible things, you know, there was so much love and community amongst Black folks. And I just want to shout that out, especially before we get to our Pride season, which will be delayed by a week. Right at Dawn Brunch, we had that. We had a lot of people there for Black Pride as well. But I also saw a lot of stuff about a lot of Black Pride events not being just packed out and crowded. But there was no vibe or sense of what I saw. It was a chop. No shade to the girls. Okay, but you just said it was a community love-lusting and a kumbaya circle. So which one is it, darling? It's both. I'm glad y'all came together as a community. It's a community chop. It's no shade, though. I live and I do think the weather played a part. And I also think the economy played a part. It's really expensive. People complain about the prices. And then, you know, when Spirit went under, girl, the flights went under. It's no shade to the girls. No, I mean, I saw people packing out bullpen. I just think that a lot of these places— I saw lines around bullpen. I saw the legit $40 if you weren't cute at Nelly's. I saw all the lines. I didn't see the vibe, though. Like, what was the point? Like, I was like, okay, you go in there, and then what? You just, like, drink, and then you just— Again, some places, it depends on the organization or the programming behind these events. A lot of these places—look, I saw a video on TikTok that was like, oh, shit, look, bullpen's fucking crowded. It's crowded up in here. It's lit, da-da-da. And all the comments were like, okay, it's crowded, but it still doesn't look fun. And a lot of times it is that. Yeah, that's what it gives to me. Do we have sound checks anymore for these more than 500,000 or 500 to a people party? Is there a sound check for 500 people in this big place in Southeast or wherever the fuck it is? Do we have those, though? Do we have those? Do people know what they're stepping into? Because, you know, they have really—you know, when I think of bullpen, again, there's no shade of bullpen. I think of, like, the really cool parties. Like, they have Beyonce Blast and, like, you know, all those things. And you get to be in, like, a pen and sit with people and listen to music. And that is—that's cool. But it just always feels like with bullpen that it's a bunch of—it's a large space, but there should be—for a large space like that, there should be pockets. Like, if you're there to sit down and vibe, it should be on one side. And then the dance floor is on one side. But it's never that. It's never that. That big yard square thing is what kills my vibe. Not just by bullpen. It's a lot of areas, like a flower factory or Echostage. Not Echostage because it has more parts, but, like, you know, a lot of those spaces— So, y'all stop trying to make Echostage happen. We're forced to Echostage yearly, y'all. I will not be attending anything at Echostage. I am so sorry. Gonna excuse me. I forgot you didn't go last year with us. No, you love it. You go there every year. No, they threw away my vape, y'all, and it was actually so lame. So Echostage, you owe me a vape. I don't give a fuck. And that's how you feel. And my message, we're not going back to Echostage without VIP. So, you know, I'm not doing that. But shout out to DC Pride because, again, the weather was fun in a terrible way, even though Deep Raffy and all our friends made me walk through the rain and humidity and political tension and National Guard in the cold, but it was fine. We had a time. But we have been feeling a little underdog-ish, a little people are, you know, the algorithm is against us, people are against us, but you know where someone else is feeling the same way? Lizzo. At Lizzo be eating. What's Lizzo going through? So Lizzo is in a space where she's obviously a big star, and there was a controversy with the dancers, but she made it through that. And now that she's returning to music, she's not getting the same reception she used to get. She feels like her market, her label's not pushing her marketing. She feels she has to do a lot more now. Even though she has released some songs, she has a new song on the Scare Movie 6 soundtrack, and she's also sampling one of the really famous go-go songs from DC, The Sexy Lady, that should be coming out later this summer. So I don't know. It seems like she's doing a lot, and she's kind of blaming, you know, the way people consume media, and that. Is it based on the audience, or just the artist itself? What do you think? Um, I think the artist itself. No shade. I'm not even trying to clock T on Lizzo. I love Lizzo and the personality. Because Megan, the trainer, felt this way too. Yes. Again, you can't. Everyone is telling you that the music is sounding the same, and it's just a brand that you have. You put yourself in a sound to where your song, your music is probably the best heard in mall settings, in an iPhone commercial. And calling it H&M music. Oh, girl. So if you pitch yourself to the mass market, which is what these two performers did, they were, I mean, Lizzo never really said, maybe with the gays she was trying to pit herself with, but she should have known that these white gays are not loyal to any Black performer, period. So it's just like, she really wanted that, like, mass appeal, and you got that mass appeal. But the issue with mass appeal is, if you are not Beyonce, mass appeal, there's so much mass appeal. You're competing with every industry plant. You're competing with every new bitch on the scene. When you niche yourself down, like so many, Tinashe, when you niche yourself down and isolate. I'm sorry, what was that about Tinashe? People say that Tinashe, you know, people say what? First of all, a lot of people have tried to call Tinashe irrelevant at times, or that she is underrated. She's been seen as an underdog. Yeah, absolutely. She's always found her moments. She's always found her niche, and she's never had to do it. Okay, you think she's to do it to herself, and she didn't try to, da da da da da da. So that's what I'm saying. If you were really for, like, fat bitches, then you should've, no shade, lived in your fat world. But I'm just, so that's why, again, that's why I'm saying, with body positivity and all that, like, you have to really embrace it for yourself. If you're really, if you really mean it for yourself, but honestly, it just, it's like, you can't have your cake and not eat it too, girl, Lizzo. Like, now you have to start pivoting. You got into this phlebotics, you got into this fitness, maybe the music can take a break until you really give yourself time. But you wanna jump into the music after you've done so many, you know what I'm saying? You need to shift your pivot. You need to really, like, slow down, and, you know, make people miss you. So I don't, I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say that. And so, and so, and so, I wouldn't say that we have the same problem as Lizzo. I would not say we have, I would say are, my issue right now that I'm having is me putting so many people on, and as a Latino creator, as a Latino performer, I've met performers when I, the first gig they were doing was in someone's living room, trying not to cartwheel someone's TV in. That is how I've met some performers. Like, many of y'all. And I have booked those for, I was one of their first bookings. And then these people turn around, get some clout here and there, get some performances under the belt, and then don't return the favor. When you look at how much money I've put into a lot of performers who are now creating parties, if you look at how much money I put in their pockets, compared to what they put in my pocket, this is not even. And not to mention, they're putting even more pocket money in white men's pockets, because they're under, and they're undercharging the important services that we are. They're not getting a 10% cutoff from the bar. That's why I feel really appalled by the scene right now. It's just like, I've always been so open, and I've always tipped the performers, because I always believed in that, in that camaraderie of supporting performers. But when it comes to people wanting that, people want that support, but they're not willing to reciprocate. Should it always be reciprocated, or should we be doing things with the expectation of it being reciprocated? Do I think that if we booked more of the mass appeal, aka white queens, would more people try to come to Reggaeton Brunch? Absolutely. Would more of the scene girls want to be coming to the parties? Absolutely. Absolutely, let's be clear. I'm not even trying to cloud too much of myself. We, name another brunch that started in the past three years that has stayed on its own, independently run, not relying on a dine off a restaurant to support them. Quickly. So, to me, that's ultimately, if that kind of success is not being applauded, then what's the tea? What's the real moves here? What's the support here? No, it's because I support amongst my community, and I'm okay with supporting amongst my community, but that kind of longevity is seen only as good as this for me right now, and people want to keep it there. People don't want to bring it to another place because it would mean giving power, giving decisions to someone they don't trust to have the same opinion. I'm never going to watch out for a white man's back like all the other people that are in these management positions. Period. So, that's the biggest issue with queer bars is that we're like, you know, that's the capitalism, all this kind of stuff, but y'all are still going to go to these problematic gay bars. Y'all are still going to go to pictures. Y'all are still going to post about your pictures, gigs. Like, call it a spade, a spade. At this point, like I said, if you're going to make your money, make your money, but you can't have your cake and eat it too. You can't talk up shit about these gay bars and then work at these places and promote these places. Do you think it's more than just that? Do you think, again, it goes back to the, just where we are in our country right now. Like, is DC too expensive for queer creators? Is it all this economy? That was a conversation we had the interview, that I had today at work, at the job interview, that it was an artistic interview for the arts. And we're saying, like, you know, these rates that people get paid, it's, like, we want talented artists to come to DC. But when it's so expensive to live here and the art specifically here is so underappreciated and so undervalued, then you have the ecosystem we're in where we don't have the best talent. And we just prop up these performers because they've been in the industry for, they've made it through the industry for three years without pissing anyone off too much. Even though some people have been the biggest drama queens and started the most drama on their stories and haven't had a lick of coot when it comes to public PR, but people still get procked up because they know they will say yes. You know, DC loves a moment, but, you know, when you have to actually start a movement and sustain something, that's the issue. I think we focus on like clout over sustainability. It's a lack of thought process. The only thing I'll give to places like Trade is that, yeah, the Shark Tank was a great process and people like Jax Knife, Bumper, the people that work at Trade keep that place relevant in their branding and their vision. Let's be clear, it is the artists that work at these places that make these places memorable. It is not the owners, no shade. So to me- It's the same thing for J.R.'s and a lot of other things. Why are people getting paid hourly? Why are people getting paid like when they're, when they're bringing a stakes to your company, to your organization, when they're bringing actual vision, they're more than just a lighting person. They're more than just, they're a jack of all trades. They should live comfortably in that economy. And that's not true. And that's not what's happening in our culture. However, there is someone that did try to achieve that, that we interviewed, but it did not turn out right. So our main segment here is talking about the infamous Rush interview that was unable to be, to release due to- Litigation. Yeah, so I just wanna start by saying that, the Rush interview again was done with the idea of really just wanting transparency for our community, giving multiple people in multiple size spaces speak about their realities living in nightlife. But we did not necessarily anticipate it getting quote unquote very serious as it relates to legal proceedings, court, exhibitions, et cetera. When we signed on to do that video, we wanted to get to the bottom and tell the whole narrative, the whole storyline of what happened at Rush. That's what we wanted to do. We wanted to give you all that narrative. So when people come and talk about Rush or what the fuck is that Rush situation, there was a video that y'all can go that broke up that timeline. However, because of people that are involved in that, that are very, you know, anal about their public image, I would say. Words were misconstrued in the interviews, even though we didn't even edit things yet fully. And we didn't wanna put anyone that we were interviewing in a rough place, whether that be anyone that worked at Rush, DC Homos, we didn't want to add any feel to anyone's fire. And that's ultimately why we had to put that away. There's so much that we can't say because of what's happening behind the scenes, but I will say this, after learning the full story of what happened at Rush Dance Boutique, it was a mixture of irresponsible management, pipe dreams. But let's be clear, do we learn some things that happened in the behind the scenes, how information was found out that was slid to the public. And I do believe that. Can you speak on it? No, I can't believe, but I will say this, who had benefits? I'm not fully, here's the thing, when you see this thing from a third party, you see both sides. And do I think that Jackson Mosley set out to bankrupt people and ruin people's lives? No. I agree. Do I think that people saw him as a threat also and tried to wipe him out immediately? Yes. And judging from what I learned behind the scenes, the people that had succeeded or benefited from no Rush being in that corner were a huge part of why all of that blew up. I mean, just check out, the new bars coming are already out, but. Let's be clear, people had stakes and people had hands and people hit the people, what's that saying called? This was a matter of people playing their cards and hiding their hands. And what we learned, there's a reality to that. It may not be the reality to the point of what he saw, but I definitely would see there's a reality to how people were moving and to make sure that the bars in that corner stayed relevant and they had no competition. And that's all I'm gonna say, legally. That's all I can legally say. What did we learn from all this, honestly, guys? So what we learned from the situation really is that Podcasts live forever, and, you know, there's one thing about, like, internet drama and, you know, the kiki of being in the city, but then there's seeing your name in legal paperwork. Emotional costs of visibility, like being outspoken in a relatively small city, you know, people perceiving confidence as aggression, you know, the big personality stigma, like, what has, how's that played into this whole Russian narrative? And to be spotlighted in a way. It's just so weird because the entire time, but before I met, met everyone involved, I would always just say one thing and it's, I think people really jumped on Jackson Moseley because they wanted a scape for, to, to have that public moment of saying, fuck white men or fuck a white guy, like, Ooh, dude. Like we hate white people. Do you think that DC rewards authenticity? No, no, because no, no, I wouldn't say that at all. If it did, then we wouldn't have the, again, back to those parties that are just hurry up and stand in one place. No programming, just stand and be cool. Like, Oh, it's just like, it's just so stand and be hot. And like, stand in behind, be cool. Like, Oh, it's just boring. It's so late. It's so late. I will say, you know, I have everyone deals with it. You know, I dealt with it by, you know, doing drag. I use drag. They're going to say doing drugs. By doing drugs and drag. Um, because I think it provides obviously an escape and like a mask and, and queer spaces where it looks and all this stuff is just, uh, the high point, right? Like I said, allegedly charging people $40 based on looks, depending on the bar. But, um, I think being a drag, you, you see it as so boring. Like when we went to these bars recently this weekend, you go in and you're the only one that looks interesting and people are just so, I don't know, boring and all of it, nothing really matters. So again, I wouldn't say it's, it's, uh, I wouldn't go that far in saying that. I would. And I would Blanche, I would. No, because I just think that people are as fun as they see the outside. And a lot of people, you really have to handhold people to really express themselves and I just don't see it in this community. I see a lot of these performers, like, you know, like saying how these spaces are queer spaces of safe expression. But let's be clear. We're all laughing at bad performers. When there's a bad performer that's cringe, y'all are laughing. Y'all are talking about it. Y'all are sharing stories. Y'all are doing this. So if it's really about the expression and all that kind of stuff, then, you know, let's just like cool it on the whole, like, I think, I think joking and laughing is part of our culture though. Um, it is, it's shady, but it's with love or with fakeness and funniness. You could laugh at me falling all day if you're putting money in my pocket. But if you're, if you don't even associate yourself with someone, you are literally waiting for them to fail. And then you're laughing at them at the same time. That's not a community. I think, I think that maybe outspoken queer creatives get labeled difficult faster. Once it'll be one girl's time to succeed. Everyone's like, girl, this girl's the girl. She's the it girl. And then when she starts flopping, yeah. And once, once you have one show that's bad or one thing that doesn't work for you, that's when people start packing you up and leaving you. So it just, it's really a weird system, but I will say, wait, don't let people push you out. If you see it, call it out. Don't be, again, at the end of the day, what are they going to do? Not book you? I definitely think maybe there's a pressure to stay likable at all times. Don't you think as someone that is considered likable and, you know, congenial, um, you know, and a people pleaser of sorts, like I always say about myself, I do think that it is daddy producing. Am I likable to everyone? No, but I'm for sure lovable. Girl, are you kidding me? People love me. People actually love me. And so that's the thing too. I'm a very polarizing person. That's the thing. I'm not afraid to say that I'm a polarizing person. Right. I definitely think there's a difference in being like nice versus being like friendly, being like likable, being loved. I absolutely think there's differences because it comes with, you know, politics, politeness, and all of this is really based on white supremacy, you guys, because guess what? Most cultures around the world, not black, not just Latino, most cultures don't, you know, pretend to like you if they don't like you, they don't engage in these niceties, right? You have to earn access to people. And I do think a side effect of white supremacy is these kind of respectability politics and just having to have relations with people, even if you don't, if they, if you know, they don't have your best interest at heart. And I think if we wake up and realize that it'll, it'll be easier. That's 100% true. Like, yeah. Like that's why, again, you don't have to say hi to me if you want to say that's why I stopped saying hi to people that I can tell don't like saying hi to me. And then, but then they get offended when you don't say hi to them. It's just like weird, like social economy in the gay community. But again, back to the mean girls. I feel though, you know, when you're not liked though, you know, you get to this feeling of being maybe blackballed and events can become awkward, right? Relationships change after controversy. You know, you start subbing people online. You feel like you may be being watched more. I do think these kind of internal conflicts in the community create that not just for fair for anyone, right? Anyone involved in, I don't know. I feel like people like when people are outspoken and creative, but then when it gets uncomfortable, it gets uncomfortable, you know? Um, that's why, that's why you, again, if, if, if I don't watch your stories and I'm in your world, I don't fuck with you. If I like, if I'm watching your stuff, if I keep up with you, I promise you, there's no hate between us. There's no, there's no nothing. But the amount of people that hate watch is actually, it's actually crazy. It's actually crazy. I don't, Nunu loves hate watching. She, Nunu the hate watcher. I'm not a hate watcher. Why do you hate watch? Why do you hate watch? Why do you give yourself that like, oh, I have to watch someone I don't like? I don't think I don't like anyone to that extent. I definitely think, well, see, the thing is I don't, I don't have these like, you know, big swings of emotions. So like, I don't feel this way about people, you know, like it's always a key to me, like with my friends, family, people I like, don't like, like, I just still want to have a case of, you know, it's, it's whatever, and I still want to just know what's up. I feel like you have to always be watching. So I was saying, I do feel like it becomes a pressure to be like, you get, feel like you're being watched. You feel like you have to know what's going on because if you don't, well, if something happens. So I do think there's genuine anxiety that comes with being in the scene or being spotlighted and having a presence, having a platform and obviously creators speak about all that, right? You know, they post videos on mental health, they take breaks and it's weird because people expect a lot from you. They expect you to make content all the time just for them at this point, which is not what, you know, it used to be. TV shows used to come on once a year and now they expect creators and people to just create new content, new things every single day. Well, that being said, I, we do intend on opening a private subscription service, whether that's gonna be on Instagram, we haven't decided if it's gonna be Instagram or Patreon, but if you want the tea, if you want to know my honest thoughts about new nights around the city, if you want my idea on what the tea is around the city, what I do think about the new bar icon, some behind the scenes tea, I found out about the bar icon that I'm privy to that people do not want to know. If you want to know this information, girl, at this point, I've been talking shit for free. We're going to put it behind a paywall. I am so sorry. You're going to excuse me. But at this point I realized how many people watch and then love to consume, but don't want to be associated with you because of how they will be perceived. And I'm not going to be people's voice box anymore. If you don't fuck with this bar, then you can tell them yourself. But us messy twins over here are going to be talking our shit. So if you want to look into that, uh, by the time this episode comes, we'll be probably a week away from that. Okay. Now on lighter news, we still want to celebrate and highlight the milestone that is reggaeton brunch, three years of reggaeton brunch. Do you think it would last this long? What almost stopped us? Like what have we been proudest of? Are these questions you have for me? I do. I think that it is, it also, it's very weird. It's been three years. It feels like it's been like shorter, I guess. I feel like time has flown. I feel like a lot has happened at reggaeton brunch and I've grown so much as a performer. And I've learned. so much about managing events honestly I think I genuinely have learned so much about hospitality and I learned that I was like no like I realize there's a lot of things that I truly hate there's things that I enjoy but like I thought about this like this weekend I was like you know what I could job I thought I could do but maybe I couldn't like being a hostess seating tables is hard Diva that was a easy gig why can't drag performers seat bitches at a table fighting drag performers that are able to do hospitality things have been the biggest issue. The amount of performers we have tried to teach how to host or how to be a waitress so hard. Y'all want to be the party girls but can't be the party girls. It is so insane, it is insane. Trust me, Nunu has learned a lot she has helped she's helped us get to where we are 100% but when it comes to the hospitality side I'll break it down bros that's Zaffy. When it comes to seating y'all where y'all need to sit to and getting y'all the table that you need call Raffi don't call Nunu she's gonna get a point somewhere. It's so sad that our economy doesn't pay all these business shit like actually real livable wages. For sure. Because it takes just as much work I know a bar owner I worked with that told his employees that if you're not leaving tired if you're not leaving work tired you didn't work enough. Girl, people have other jobs. You don't even give people a livable wage for them to even tire themselves out for you and you expect people to get tired for you? That's actually crazy. But no seriously guys, Breakdown Wedge really has taught me a lot. And it's not that because we had to go through a lot of changes I think y'all don't understand like when you have to own an event and host it without help from management at the original location going through what it looks like of security, signage, seating, performance order, technical, audio, visual, and then moving locations and then learning new staff different location like it really feels like a job in the hospital. You are just. These are the people that are running the bar y'all. And I just want to say like for sure and shout out to Nightlight, shout out to people like it's. Shout out to the people that are keeping their prospective bars alive and open. It's never the owners it's always the people that are working there I promise you. You take the owners out of every single gay bar or restaurant in the country and I promise you you'll be they'll be just fine. They'll be just fine. But the biggest gift I really did learn is just navigating people. People come with so much different baggage, stories, backgrounds, and to create you know something where people come together is such a skill and a wonderful thing and that's really the best part of it. And on another plug if you have not seen it or heard of it please go see I Love Boosters by Boots Riley talking about the same things we talked about this podcast today really the effects of being lonely due to capitalism and how community is really only achieved through class solidarity. So it's really about love, sisterhood, and community and something that we strive for every day and I just love that we can have these type of moments and I can't wait to see where Pride season takes us. Are we gonna continue this podcast? Who knows. We have two dates come see us June 20th, June 21st. We've got Deb Doe from New York coming for both dates. If you don't know who Deb Doe is, she is an amazing performer. Amazing performer. Hometown hero. She's from DC originally. She's from DMV originally. Icon, legend. I worked with her at 305 real briefly before the pandemic. We did it together. Such a star. Oh and we did do a video with them in it too. Yes, you're right. Link in the bio. We're returning. We're out every weekend. For some reason our friend group gets to May and June and we decide to go out every weekend so that's where we're at. So see us in DC. And of course, you know what day it is this week. Make sure to say happy birthday to Nunu. She's turning 47. I cannot believe she's lived this long. Looking this young. So make sure you go support her. Exactly. I want to do a look from when I was born in the 60s. I want to be like, you remember? Man, I'm still crazy that you were born in 1968. Exactly. Make sure you follow your girl at Nunu Paris. You can follow me at wayraffy or reggaetonbrushgc. Both are perfectly fine. You can catch me this weekend for drunk traders at Whitlow's. But we also have, again, movie trivia at Tryst. We got pop divas over at Wonder Garden whenever that's gonna happen again. We got events. So make sure you check us out.